[alarm blaring]
[ship horn blows]
[alarm continues]
[automated female voice]
Please cross
the bridge and turn left,
and continue to follow
the road for 42 miles.
Please turn right
and continue for six miles.
Please turn right.
You have reached
your destination.
All right. How you doing?
I’m Edmond Murray.
Hi. Can I see your ID, please?
Of course.
[police radio chatter]
Here you go.
Mr. Murray’s just arrived.
[officer] Copy that.
Good morning.
My name’s Officer Birch.
How you doing?
I’m the initial
investigating officer.
Uh-huh.
Ms. Richmond is waiting for you
over by the water.
I’m Ethan’s dad.
I know that, Mr. Murray.
I’m afraid that
I cannot comment any
further on the case.
Inspector Roy will be
down here later on.
He’ll be able
to fill you in
on any questions.
Okay.
Ms. Richmond is
just down by the water,
if you follow the path
over to the right.
Okay. Thank you.
[exhales]
Joan!
Fuck. Joan!
[Joan sobbing]
What are they
doing out there?
They’re looking for him.
They think
he’s in the water?
I don’t know.
[sobbing]
What the fuck happened?
I don’t know.
[police radio chatter]
That’s where
he was sleeping.
You all right?
I can’t go back there.
Can I go in there?
No, sorry.
Fuck.
I’ve rented this place.
I’m going to stay here.
Okay, I’ll stay
somewhere near.
Good.
Would you be able
to do something for me?
Mm-hmm.
I need you to go back
to the house.
Ethan drew me a picture
the day before he left and...
I can’t stop
thinking about it.
Thanks.
Do we know anything
about the people
that run that camp?
No, they said
they’ve questioned everyone.
Did you meet them?
Before you sent him?
Yeah, I mean...
They seemed really lovely.
The woman was really lovely.
I don’t...
Uh-huh.
I...
I’m sure they were fine.
I never would have sent him
there if I thought that
there was anything wrong. Ever!
I know, I know.
You’re a good mum.
I know.
[phone ringing]
Hi.
Are you okay?
-[man] Yeah.
-Yeah?
-It was fine.
-What did they want to know?
Well, they just had
some questions.
What sort of stuff?
My relationship with Ethan.
Why?
No. Are you on your way back?
Can you come back?
Okay, all right.
-Bye. I love you.
-Love you. Bye.
Is that your man?
Yeah.
Was it his idea
to send him to the camp?
Oh, fucking hell.
Yeah, sure,
it was his idea.
He’s my son. Okay?
It was my choice.
I wish he hadn’t gone.
So do I.
I didn’t want him to go
in the first place, but...
kids his age,
they’re doing stuff like that.
And Ethan’s not... He’s...
He’s different, and he...
he didn’t want to go.
And I knew
He seemed okay,
before he went?
I just...
I just needed a...
I’m sorry.
[sniffles]
Was it...
He’s been having
a hard time.
Okay?
[dog barking]
[man] All right?
Get them ready to go.
Inspector, this is Eddy,
Ethan’s dad.
All right, Mr. Murray.
I’m Inspector Roy.
Inspector.
I’m running
the investigation
with my team here.
Mr. Murray, I’d like you
to come into my office
this afternoon at 3:00, please.
Of course, 3:00.
The details
are on the card.
And my personal mobile number
is on the back,
should you need it.
Miss, are you sure
you want to take part in this?
Yeah.
Yesterday, you seemed--
No.
You sure? I’m here.
I can take over.
No, I want to do it.
Very good.
If you’ll just listen
to the instructions
and then I’ll tell you
where to stand.
Okay. Thank you.
[Roy]
Attention, please, everyone!
This morning,
we’re going to search
this entire slope.
I want you to move
through the bracken together.
You keep two meters apart.
If you find anything,
you raise your hand
and you shout, "Here!"
It’s very important
that you touch nothing.
Understood?
All right.
Thank you all for coming.
Take your positions, please.
Where do you want us?
You can stand here,
at the end of this line.
[Edmond] Thank you.
Two meters, two meters.
[dogs barking]
Kennis!
Let’s go!
[all] Ethan! Ethan!
-Ethan!
-[dogs barking]
Ethan! Ethan!
Ethan!
[Joan] Ethan!
[door opens]
[police radio chatter]
Who’s she?
[officer] Inspector Roy
can tell you.
Please, come with me.
[Edmond]
How you doing?
Mr. Murray. Please.
Is there any news?
Nothing, as yet.
How are you coping?
I’ve--
I’ve known better days,
you know?
Allow me to tell you
where we are.
The alert plan
has been triggered
since
yesterday morning.
Good.
We continue to interview
everybody who has come
into contact with your son.
Now, the supervising
staff at the camp,
they tell me that they would do
regular checks of the tents
and the pods,
to make sure that the children
were asleep and all was well.
The last check took place
at 1:00 in the morning.
And he was in there?
He was in there.
At that point,
everything was fine.
When I looked at his cabin,
I could see his clothes
were still in there,
his bag was still in there.
His little snacks
were still in there.
Now, Mr. Murray,
I have to tell you
that we’re investigating
every hypothesis,
including kidnapping.
Now, allow me to ask you
a number of questions.
You may find some of
these questions unsettling,
intimate. May I?
No, don’t worry.
You can ask me
whatever you want.
First of all, I understand
that you’ve been traveling
a great deal.
You’ve been in Libya,
Saudi Arabia, Iraq.
Why is that?
My work’s international.
I’ve been working abroad
for the last ten years,
um, give or take.
I work in the oil fields,
and I go wherever they send me.
Would you say your business,
your work was dangerous?
The work, in itself,
is not dangerous.
You can sometimes
be in places
where you are in danger.
And I am constantly aware,
when I’m in certain places,
that I need to watch my back.
Have any of these things
affected you, Mr. Murray?
Ah... [exhales]
A subordinate of mine
was taken hostage.
We went through a whole fiasco
trying to get him back.
It was a fucking mess.
And we ended up paying
the hostage ransom.
[officer] Sir...
[speaking Gaelic]
Oh, come on.
If you’ve got something to say,
you can say it in English.
I’d like to ask you
for your mobile phone.
We need it for the purposes
of the investigation,
to retrieve the contacts.
It’s procedure.
I’m not supposed
to give my phone out.
I’m sure you can appreciate
the importance of this,
at this point in time.
I completely can.
The nature of my work means
there’s sensitive material
on here.
You just need
my contacts?
Yes.
Thank you.
It would be fair to say
that most of the countries
where you work
would be unsuitable
to take a child to, yes?
Most of them, yes.
The hours that I work,
and the far-flung places
I end up in,
even if they aren’t insecure,
aren’t suitable
for taking a child.
I can’t take him
all over the world.
He’s got to be in school.
He’s got to have his friends,
got to have some stability.
He’s got to have
a house, a family.
And I can’t offer him that.
When did you last see your son?
I saw him at Christmas time.
I saw him...
I saw him on Skype
at Christmas time.
He seemed fine.
[Roy]
Do you have a good relationship
with your ex-wife?
[Edmond] It’s not--
It’s not bad.
It’s not her fault we split up.
[Roy] Is there any antagonism?
[Edmond] From me, none.
[Roy]
Do you have any contact
with her new partner?
[Edmond] I’ve seen him on Skype
a few times. He seems fine.
Have you security checked him?
Because isn’t it well known
that nine times out of ten,
it’s someone you know,
someone in your family?
[Roy] This is the case,
which is why it’s part
of our primary investigation.
And you? Is there someone new
in your life?
[Edmond] Yes.
Yes, I have a partner.
I’ve been seeing her
for five years.
[Roy] Two years ago,
your wife told you that
your son was unwell.
[Edmond] I came back
and we went away together
for a month.
We had a cracking time.
We went all over North America.
And...
[sighs]
And then I went back to work.
Do you have reason to believe
that it’s because of what I do
that Ethan has been taken?
I have reason to believe
that somebody made a decision
to choose your son
and not the other child.
That’s why I’m asking you
these questions,
Mr. Murray. Why Ethan?
Why him? Why not the other boy?
Unfortunately, all you can do
at this point in time is wait.
Wait for us to contact you.
[knocks]
[door unlocking]
How you doing?
[man] Edmond.
Nice to see you.
Come in.
All right. Thank you.
[chattering on TV]
Joan? Where’s Joan?
Ah...
She... She’s resting.
Sit down.
You want a whiskey?
Aye. Sure, thank you.
Brutal weather outside, eh?
[TV turns off]
Uh-huh.
Apparently,
it’s going to be...
It’s going to be
an early winter, apparently.
I mean, that’s what, you know,
the locals are saying.
All the old people.
But no one fucking believes them
anymore, do they?
They just believe the...
the fucking Internet.
Slainte.
Joan’s just...
She really broke down tonight.
You know, I just think it
really fucking...
really hit her.
I know. Fair enough.
So I’ve just given her
a little something
to help her sleep.
So hopefully
she’ll get a full night,
so I’m not gonna--
What did you give her?
Fuck. I don’t know
the name of it. Um...
[clears throat]
I... I struggle
with sleep occasionally
and I got a prescription
fucking ages ago but...
How long has
she been asleep for,
with that?
Um...
About an hour and a half ago,
something like that.
But I don’t think--
I don’t think
I should wake her up, really.
She needs the rest.
Nothing to worry about.
Okay.
Yeah.
It’s not a regular thing.
In the circumstances--
All right, man.
All right. Yep.
So what are you...
What’s going to happen
with your work?
What are you going to do?
Ah, work can wait.
It’s easy for me, really,
’cause I work for myself.
I set up a business.
I’ve got this
construction company and...
I mean, it’s, you know,
small but I’ve had it
for about 15 years.
I started in my early 20s.
Based here?
International?
No. No, I’m not like you. No.
No, I... I want to stay here.
Local, really.
It’s small, you know.
I started it myself.
It was a grind, believe me.
But now I’ve recruited
enough people
that it just kind of
runs itself, which is great.
So I can now
essentially just be here,
be there for Joan and...
Nothing more important
than that, eh?
She’s fucking amazing, man.
Have you heard anything?
Has anybody called or...
Today?
Uh-huh.
What about?
The searches? No, no.
To be honest with you,
my focus is really on her,
you know.
I’m just focusing on her.
No. I’m actually just
going to switch my phone off
for a bit.
Is that a good idea?
Well, you’re here.
You’ve got your phone on, no?
I just wanted
to have a conversation--
Yeah. No, no.
I just don’t
want to be disturbed.
So where are you
going to stay?
Joan said you
don’t really have anywhere
around here anymore.
Don’t worry about me, Frank.
I’ll be fine.
I’ll find something.
Why don’t you stay at Joan’s?
I mean, it’s technically your--
your place, as well.
Aye. Well, if you’re not
going to be there...
Listen, I understand
that you and Joan
might need some space.
No, look, it’s--
Time together.
I can-- I can escape.
My parents-- I inherited
this little shack in the middle
of fucking nowhere.
I can go and, you know,
get out of the way.
I’m selling it, actually.
Because, following
in your footsteps, I found
this unbelievable bit of land,
and now we’re going to
build a house,
and it’s just so beautiful.
Joan loves it.
The light is amazing.
Actually, can I--
can I show you something?
Here, come into the kitchen.
Come on.
So these got delivered
today, actually.
I was just looking over them.
So, I’ve been working
with this architect.
He works in my company.
So he’s designing it with me,
and Joan also.
So this is the outside
of the house.
The sea is here.
And we’ve got
all the light here.
It’s beautiful. Glass here.
Actually, I think
I want a bit more.
But then this is the top floor.
We’ve got our bedroom here.
Lots of light for Joan.
It’s going to be unbelievable.
And then down here
is the basement. Just don’t
really know what to do with it.
Maybe...
Maybe a games room or...
Be careful. What do you think?
Are you actually
fucking kidding me?
Um...
Where’s Ethan’s room?
Okay...
Are you putting him
in the basement?
No, we’re not putting him
in the basement.
I can see that
you’re angry and upset--
Joan!
Hey, hey, hey!
She’s asleep.
No.
I need to talk to her.
Hey.
Why? She’s asleep.
’Cause my
fucking son’s missing.
Yeah, I’m aware of that.
I’m aware that
your son’s missing.
He’s also my son.
I love him very much.
Don’t.
Fucking don’t.
Don’t what?
Don’t tell me
he’s your son, as well.
Well, let’s be honest.
He’s been... He’s been
more my son than he has yours
the last year, hasn’t he?
You’re a very fucking weird man!
What have you done with my son?
I’ve done nothing with your son.
What the fuck
have you done with my son?
I love your son!
What the fuck
have you done?
[Edmond] Inspector Roy,
you need to come over here.
I’m at Joan’s
rented accommodation.
I’m here with her partner,
Frank. He’s unconscious.
He’s been high as a kite.
He’s given her drugs.
And he knows something.
He fucking knows something.
Please call me back
at this number
as soon as you can.
-Get the fuck off!
-Get in the van!
Get in the van!
Please, you’re making a mistake!
You’re making a big mistake!
Hey, there’s a picture
in the bag.
Just give it to Joan!
Just get in the van!
You’re making a mistake!
What?
Section 1 of
the Criminal Justice Act...
You don’t understand.
The man has taken my son.
Or he’s done something
to my son, or he fucking knows
something about my son.
You’ve gotta go back there!
You take me to fucking jail,
and you’re taking him
to the hospital?
Do you understand?
You’re having a fucking laugh!
...informed of your arrest
and you’ll have access
to a solicitor.
These rights...
Fuck!
...will be explained to you
further once we arrive
at the police station.
I suggest you make
yourself comfortable,
Mr. Murray.
I don’t care
how fucking badly he is hurt.
The minute he wakes up,
you need to ask him
what he’s done with my son.
You’re not going
to say anything?
Nothing?
My son’s missing!
Fuck.
That’s my wallet.
That’s...
They’re actually Joan’s keys.
That’s Frank’s phone.
That’s my phone.
You want to put that
somewhere else?
Put it in there, please.
That could be evidence.
Make yourself at home.
[rain pattering]
All right.
Obviously, you’ll be held
in custody until the morning.
I’ll come back then
and we’ll see
what’s to happen to you.
I’m really sorry
about everything that happened.
But have you spoken to him yet?
I have to impress upon you,
Mr. Murray,
you’re wasting our time now.
Every hour is critical,
and you’re wasting our time.
There’s something
not right about that guy.
The day after my wee boy’s
gone missing,
he’s showing me
blueprints of some house
that he wants to move into
with my wife-- my-- my ex-wife.
And he doesn’t have a room
in that house for my son.
Either he knows something
or he’s criminally
a fucking prick.
Please, Joan’s taking Valium
and going to sleep.
I have known that woman.
She’s a good mother
and she would not take anything
that would stop her
answering that phone.
She would be up checking
that phone every 15 minutes.
So I am really sorry.
I apologize.
I’m not going to talk anymore.
But please,
just treat him seriously.
You’re not stable right now.
I’m telling you straight.
You’re in no position
to tell me how to
conduct this investigation.
I’ll see you.
[pounds on door]
[door opens]
It’s my wee boy...
[door closes]
[Roy] Mr. Gilchrist
is still in hospital.
He has two fractured ribs.
He has a dislocated hip.
Nonetheless, he’s decided not
to press charges against you.
[scoffs]
Were you able to talk to him?
I’ve communicated with him.
I have taken a similar position.
I’m not going to take
this any further, Mr. Murray.
One of my colleagues
has retrieved your car.
It’s at the station here.
You’re letting me go?
You’re no longer in custody.
You don’t think it’s weird
that he’s not
going to press charges?
Mr. Murray,
I’ll explain something
very significant to you,
to help you clear
your mind of all of this.
One month ago, your wife
suffered a miscarriage.
What?
Yes.
I’m telling you this,
so that you can understand
the situation,
the predicament of both
Ms. Richmond
and Frank Gilchrist.
Now,
this was a very difficult thing
for her to deal with.
In fact, this is the reason
that she decided to send
your son to the camp.
So that she could get some calm,
some peace, to deal with this.
It was nothing to do
with Mr. Gilchrist.
Is she all right?
In these circumstances, no.
And I understand that this
is a very difficult period
for you.
I’d like to offer you
psychological support.
You need to go home.
You need to clear your head
of this,
to allow us to go
on with the investigation.
No, I’m fine.
I won’t be any more problem
to you, I promise.
Thank you.
Thank you
for your patience.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[line ringing]
[woman] Hi, this is Leah.
Leave me a message.
Thank you.
[Edmond]
Leah, it’s Edmond. Um...
I’m here.
I’m sorry I’ve not
checked in earlier.
I got in a bit of trouble
with the police last night.
I’m fine. I’m absolutely fine.
And we haven’t heard
anything about...
what’s happened to Ethan yet.
Could you tell the company
I’m really sorry
I haven’t checked in?
Can you do that for me?
Tell them I’m okay
and I’ll be in touch soon.
Um...
I love you.
If you get this call,
just please call me back, okay?
Joan! Joan?
Joan.
[gasps]
You okay?
Have they found him?
No. Not yet.
Joan.
I’m really sorry
for what happened to you.
What do you mean?
About your wee baby.
I’m very sorry.
Who told you that?
Inspector Roy.
He was trying to--
Well, he’s got no fucking right
to tell you that.
I know you guys were going
through a very difficult time,
even before this.
Fuck off.
Was it hard for Ethan?
’Cause he said that you...
I...
You needed peace and...
I mean,
this is bad enough,
as it is.
I don’t know what
you’re trying to do to me.
I’m not trying to do anything.
He didn’t...
He didn’t want me
to have a baby.
Ethan?
No, of course he didn’t.
Does that make you happy?
That he hated it?
No.
’Cause he fucking hated
the idea.
He hated that
Frank had moved in.
And he hated the fact
that you weren’t here anymore.
And the only person he
could talk to about it was me,
because you weren’t here.
So I had to deal with our son
being upset about something
that I was really happy about.
I’m really sorry about that.
Where were you last night?
I was in the police station.
They just let me out.
They said Frank’s not going
to press any charges.
He fucking should.
Did he give you
Valium last night?
Yeah.
I’ve never known you
to take a pill in your life.
Well, you don’t know me anymore.
Okay.
I thought you were
going to say
you were sorry.
That’s what I thought
you were going to say.
I thought you were going to say
sorry for beating the shit
out of my boyfriend.
You know, he never even
mentioned Ethan.
He’s all excited about
his blueprints for his new house
that’s he’s building.
Yeah, we were
really excited about that!
We were really excited
about that.
Ethan was excited about that.
And we all talked about it
together, as a family.
Me, him and Frank.
We all sat down and we
discussed it. That’s what we do.
That’s my family.
And you’d know that
if you asked about him,
if you asked
your son about him.
But you don’t, do you?
Because you never fucking call
and you never
fucking do anything.
You sent a present
on his seventh birthday.
He doesn’t even get the chance
to talk to his dad.
Have you even thought about
what this all means?
That your son’s missing?
All I’ve been thinking about
this whole time
is that I’m a bad mother,
that I’ve done something wrong.
Have you even thought
for a fucking second
what sort of father you are?
What sort of father
you’ve been to your son?
I know, I know.
I know I’m a bad dad.
I know I’m never here.
I know he can’t rely on me.
But it’s not my fault
he’s gone missing, darling.
[sobbing]
I just...
Hey, hey!
Stop and think
for a minute.
Just think of what
we need you to do.
Frank is not...
He’s a beautiful,
strong, amazing man
who loves your son.
I don’t believe that.
Right.
[knocking on door]
Why do you think
that my phone is being tapped?
Listen. At 2:00 this afternoon,
I got a call from Glasgow.
They asked me
to come off this case.
I said, "Why? Why should I
drop this file? Why?
You must send me
a written explanation
why I should drop this file."
And they yell at me,
shout at me. And I hung up.
At 2:17, I get a call,
this time from London.
From Sir Patrick Nelson.
This man,
he’s higher up than anybody
in the police force in Scotland.
And he tells me this case
will be handled from London.
This time,
I get a chance to say nothing.
He tells me that this is
in everyone’s best interests.
And that’s it.
At 3:00, I tell my team
we’re no longer involved.
And I leave.
I didn’t have much faith
in a kidnapping related to
your work in the oil industry.
I could be wrong.
London must have some
information that I don’t have.
But I’ll tell you this.
You’re on your own.
Basically, you’re on your own,
Mr. Murray.
I can’t stay.
Don’t use your phone.
Thank you.
[exhales]
Come on, darling. Pick up.
-[Leah] Hello?
-Leah?
-Can you hear me?
-What’s this number?
What’s this number
you’re phoning on?
It’s not my phone.
Listen to me,
listen to me, listen to me.
No, you listen to me.
Do you have any idea
what’s been going on here?
Do you know the cops came
into the office? They turned
the whole place upside down.
They’ve got the computers.
They’ve got the hard drives.
They’ve got everything, Edmond.
-Do you understand
what this means?
-What?
They’ve got all the files.
I mean, they’ve got
the Iraq files.
I mean, Jesus!
Has anybody mentioned my name?
Has anybody been looking for me?
Listen to me.
Listen to me, Edmond, okay?
I’ve gotta tell you this.
Don’t call me again.
Do you understand?
-Leah...
-Do you understand?
I’m sorry.
[call disconnects]
-[Joan on video]
Can I take it off?
-[Frank] Yeah, sure.
-[Joan] Oh, my God!
-Joan.
That is not what
I was expecting at all.
[Frank] What do you think?
It’s amazing, eh?
-[Joan] It’s amazing.
-[Frank] I know!
We can build a house along here.
I was thinking
this is where, you know,
if you wanted to...
we could, you know,
start a family.
Yeah.
Yeah! I want to, yeah.
-[Frank] Well, I love you
very much.
-[Joan] I love you.
You clever, clever man.
[people cheer]
Ready? Make a wish!
Three, two, one! Come on!
[children giggling, chattering]
[boy] One more, one more,
one more. Come on,
come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Don’t leave me hanging!
-[Ethan blows]
-[Joan and Frank] Yay!
[clapping, cheering]
[Joan] Do you like it?
[Edmond laughs]
[Joan] Okay, okay.
Let’s open the big one now.
This is the one.
This is from Daddy,
who wishes he could be here,
but he can’t be here today.
This is from Dad.
[wrapping paper tearing]
-[Joan] Oh, my God.
-[Frank] Oh, my goodness.
[Joan] What’s that?
It’s a helicopter.
Isn’t that amazing? Yeah?
[Frank] Ethan, how do you like
your present from your dad?
Yeah? Good present? All right!
You’re doing really good.
You’re a good mum.
You are a good mother.
[sobbing]
[Joan] A rocket!
[Frank] Whoa!
[children playing]
Oh, my God!
-[Edmond laughs]
-[Joan squeals]
You got that?
[Frank] Ethan! You having fun?
Are you happy?
You having a good birthday?
Look, Ethan! Look!
What do you think?
It’s pretty cool, eh?
You’re going to be hanging out
with that guy.
Hey? Look at that!
Hi, guys! How you doing?
Yeah, sure.
You want to say goodbye
to your pal?
See ya!
[woman] Are you all ready
for this, junior astronauts?
- Yeah!
-[woman] That’s what I like
to hear!
Okay, so,
just to let you know,
Mums and Dads,
before you head off,
we’ve got loads of busy days--
[Joan] Love you.
You’ll be all right, okay?
Just try and enjoy it.
You’ll have a great time.
[woman] Say bye-bye to them,
Mums and Dads.
[Joan] I love you, darling.
[Frank] Bye, Ethan buddy!
Have fun!
[Joan laughs]
[Frank] Bye, Ethan!
There we go.
[Joan] The first--
The first time
he’s slept away from home.
-Bye, darling! Love you!
-[Frank] Bye, Ethan!
[Frank] Come on,
give us a wave. Bye, bud!
[Frank] Go on, Ethan!
[Joan] Go, go, go!
Come over here.
Go, go, go!
-Who wants a balloon?
-[boy] Me!
[Joan] They’re all tangled up.
[woman] They’re going to be
well-fed. They’re--
[Frank] Astronomy camp--
Have fun!
[muttering]
[line ringing]
[Joan] Hi, are you okay?
Frank?
Hey, Joan.
It’s not Frank. It’s me.
-Why are you calling me
on Frank’s phone?
-I took it off him last night.
The police thought it was mine,
so they gave it back to me.
Please, before you get angry
with me, can you listen to me?
Can I come over? I’ll give you--
Why?
I think I’ve found something.
[Frank] You’re going to be
hanging out with that guy, eh?
[Joan] Isn’t that amazing?
[Frank] Want to say goodbye
to your pal?
I can’t watch this.
Why are we watching this?
[Frank] See ya!
Just have a look at this.
The same car?
Two different places,
two different times,
and the common factor
being our son.
Well, the common factor’s
not our son.
The common factor is that
he was at a birthday party
with all his friends,
and then he went
to adventure camp
with all his friends.
So that’s... It’s probably
just one of the parents’ cars.
That’s fine, that’s fine.
Worst-case scenario,
I’ll turn up at his mate’s house
and I’ll get
a sympathetic cup of tea
with some innocent dad.
I think you need
to call your brother.
Oh, fuck...
Call your brother.
He still works in insurance.
He’ll be able to get
the license plate. He’ll be able
to get the home address.
Yeah, illegally.
I still think... I still think
we should call the police.
I can’t--
I told you before--
I know! I can’t...
We are on our own.
Darling, we are all
that Ethan’s got.
Those were Inspector Roy’s
last words to me.
Call your brother. Now.
They might have
already moved him.
Fine, fine!
Go, go, go.
Rob, Hi. No, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry it’s so early.
Yeah, I know.
No. Nothing yet, no. Um...
Look, I need you to do something
for me, if you can.
I don’t know,
it looks like a house
or a building or something.
It’s in the middle
of nowhere.
It’s not that far away.
If I take the long road,
I can come around
on it from behind.
All right, look,
William O’Connor.
Have you ever heard that name?
No. I don’t know.
All right, fuck it.
Fuck it. All right,
I’ll come with you.
No, no, no, no. No!
You have to let me go.
No, I can’t
just stay here.
If something happens to me,
he’s going to need
one of us. Okay?
Just think before you
do anything, okay?
Don’t do anything stupid.
Uh-huh.
All right?
And if you’re not back
by midday, then
I’m calling the police.
That’s it! Okay?
That’s it, Eddy!
Call Inspector Roy.
All right.
I’ve got Frank’s phone.
Maybe, maybe, maybe,
you might see a shooting star
or a comet or something.
[Frank] Wow! Your mum has done
amazing research into this camp.
I think I just saw
a little smile.
[automated female voice]
You will reach
your destination in 300 yards.
your destination in 200 yards.
You will reach
your destination in 100 yards.
You have reached
your destination.
Turn around.
[breathing heavily]
[door creaks]
[vehicle approaches]
[vehicle stops]
[door closes]
[thudding]
[metal clanking]
[William] It’s too
dangerous now. I need to wait.
I’ll leave in 20, I think.
Okay.
[hammering]
[shouts]
[body thuds]
[Edmond] Look at me. Look up.
What the...
Look at me. Look at me.
Do you know who I am?
No.
Do you know why I’m here?
I know who you are.
What are you
talking about?
I’ve got pictures of you.
I got pictures
of your car.
My car?
Outside the Lockey Camp.
What?
Outside the climbing center
in Crianlarich
for two weeks
following my son.
Do you know who I am?
You’re fucking mental, man.
Do you know why I’m here?
You’re making
a mistake here, man!
This is fucking nothing--
Tell me what I want to know!
I don’t know
what you’re fucking
talking about, man.
Tell me
what I want to know!
What about?
Where’s my fucking son?
You’ve made a mistake, man!
Just fucking untie me
and let me--
Tell me where
my fucking son is!
Or I will drive this
up through your mouth,
up through your brain,
and outta the top
of your fucking head.
Do you understand?
I don’t fucking know!
You fuck!
What are you
fucking doing, man?
Don’t fucking do that, man!
You’ve made a mistake.
Untie me, let me go,
and I’ll say fuck all
about this, mate, all right?
Man, what are you
fucking doing?
Man, don’t fucking do that, man!
I don’t fucking know!
Tell me where my wee boy is.
Fucking tell me where
my wee boy is.
I don’t fucking know.
[whimpering]
You going to tell me
where my wee boy is?
I don’t fucking know...
What the fuck!
Where’s my fucking son?
I don’t fucking know, man!
I don’t fucking-- No, man!
You take my fucking son?
Don’t fucking do that!
I’m going to burn
your fucking feet off.
No, don’t do that!
Tell me right now!
I don’t fucking know.
Where the fuck is my son?
I don’t know.
Where’s my fucking son?
[screaming]
You going to tell me?
Okay, okay, okay!
Tell me where he is.
He... He...
[stammering]
What? Fucking speak!
Dunmore Lodge.
Where?
We take ’em there.
We drop them there
and they come
and pick them up later.
Who?
I don’t fucking know.
I fucking swear!
I swear!
I don’t fucking know that,
man! I swear...
I don’t fucking touch them, man.
I’m not like them!
I’m not fucking like them.
I’m not like that. I just
deliver them. I drop them off
and that’s fucking it.
You don’t touch them?
Never, man. Never.
Who touches them?
I don’t know, man.
I just... I take photos.
Fucking...
I take photos
outside the schools.
And then...
And then they pick them.
I’m sorry, man.
Don’t fucking hell, man! No!
[panting]
[sobbing]
[grunting]
[tire hissing]
[toilet flushes]
[door opens]
[door closes]
-[foosball table rattling]
-[men grunting]
[man 1] He should be here.
[man 2] Huh?
[man 1] He should’ve been here
at least 15 minutes ago!
[man 2] Call him again, then.
[grunting continues]
[man 1] William,
where the fuck are you?
You’re late!
[foosball table rattling]
[man 2] Come on. Spit it out.
Get in. Get in.
He’s still not
picking up.
-[man 2] Shit!
-[man 1] I don’t like this.
[man 3] There’s cops everywhere.
They put roadblocks everywhere.
The whole area’s swarming
with cops. Maybe he got nicked.
Forget the girl.
Let’s take what we have
and get outta here.
[man 2] They really wanted
the girl, though.
Okay.
We’re not staying here.
Let’s go.
-Let’s go!
-[man 2] Hurry up!
[door opens]
[door slams]
Fuck.
[man 2] Fuck it!
[man 1]
Steven! It’s fucking flat.
When did that happen?
[Steven] It must have
been done on the road,
when we drove here.
Probably a nail or a screw.
Those can make it
deflate slowly.
It takes me five minutes
to put the spare on.
Take the kid back inside.
I’ll call you when I’m finished.
[exhaling]
[gas hissing]
Steven?
Steven!
Where the fuck is he?
-[wind gusting]
-[house rattling]
Steven!
Where are the fucking keys?
Give me your fucking keys.
Here we go!
[man 1] Steven!
Steven!
[phone chimes]
Inspector Roy, it’s
Joan Richmond. Can you call me
as soon as you get this?
Steven! Are you there?
Are you there?
Steven!
What the fuck
are you playing at?
-[door slams]
-Steven!
[door opens]
-Where the fuck is he?
-[door slams]
[footsteps departing]
Have you seen Steven?
He’s not downstairs?
Have you got the car keys?
No, Steven has them.
Where the fuck is he?
Call him!
[phone rings]
Shh, shh, shh...
[man 2] Steven,
where the hell are you?
We’re looking all over for you.
[Edmond] Listen to me.
That wee boy that you’ve got
is my son.
The police are on their way.
You have to leave the little boy
where he is and just run away.
It’s your only shot, pal.
[man 1] You listen to me, prick.
I’m coming for you.
[breathing heavily]
Stay with the boy.
What if the cops come?
Bullshit!
Do what I told you.
Fuck!
[loud clattering]
[banging]
[creaking]
[laughing]
Hey, man! Hey, man!
Hey, Ethan!
Ethan, can you wake up, pal?
Can you wake-- Can you wake up?
[laughing] You stay asleep.
Eddy!
Joan!
Shh, shh! Come this way.
Come on, quickly.
[car engine starts]
[car departs]
[shouts]
[Joan screams]
You okay?
Yeah.
[bullets ricocheting]
[window shatters]
[groans]
Fuck!
[groans] Fuck!
[groaning]
Is he still following us?
I can’t see.
[Edmond] Joan...
Joan!
Eddy?
Eddy!
[screams] Eddy!
[alarm chiming]
Eddy?
Eddy!
[footsteps approaching]
It’s all right! It’s all right!
It’s me. You’re safe,
you’re safe.
Oh, geez! The boy...
The boy is all right.
It’s all right.
[sobbing]
[drone buzzing]
There you go. Just be
real gentle and take it over
to the left, like that.
Oh, you see it bob like that?
-[Joan] You want a go?
-[Edmond] Yeah, you want a go?
-[Ethan] Yeah, sure.
-[Edmond] You want to try it?
Okay.
Here we go.
Right. Here we go,
the vital moment,
the transference of power.
Get your fingers on it.
Ready?
Get your fingers on it!
There, you’ve got it, wee man.
It’s all yours.
Well done, Ethan.
Well done, pal.
Is it good? [laughs]
Don’t bring it
too close towards you.
I want to keep my hair.
You cheeky thing...
Whoa!
[all laughing]
So good, wee man. So good.
I’m going to leave this to you,
’cause you seem to know
what you’re doing.
You do!
Kinda. [laughs]
It’s making me scared.
Don’t drop it on our heads!
Whoa! [laughing]
Wow!
You’ll be a pilot for the MOD
before you know it.
[Roy] Mr. Murray!
[Edmond] Hey, pal...
I’m going to need to get going.
Should we land it
and say a proper bye-bye?
Okay, all right.
I love you, pal.
When are you coming back?
Um...
I might be
a wee while.
Okay.
But I am going to come back.
I’ll come back
and be here, okay?
[Ethan] Okay.
[drone buzzing]
Okay.
See ya, Joan.
See ya.
[drone buzzing]
[laughing]
You okay?
Yeah.
Whoa! [laughs]
The dismantling of the network
is accelerating, you know.
I believe that there
will be more arrests.
It’ll be a big list.
What a shame.
But it could be
good for you.
You think?
Yes. The judge will probably
take this into account.
Aye, hopefully.
[breathes deeply]